C-Mix is copyright 1991-1999: University of Copenhagen

LICENSE
-------

The University of Copenhagen hereby grants any person,
organization, or institution who have obtained a copy of
C-Mix, irrespective of how or wherefrom he obtained it,
who is referred to as 'you', the following nonexclusive
rights:

1. You may use C-Mix and its accompanying programs,
   whether for commercial, educational, research,
   private, or any other purpose, provided that you
   acknowledge the Disclaimer of Warranty set forth
   at the end of this copyright statement.
   The University of Copenhagen shall not claim any
   rights relating to the output from C-Mix, except
   those rights the University may already possess
   relating to the data you provide as input to C-Mix.

2. You may modify C-Mix and use the modified form yourself.

3. You may redistribute C-Mix, in source or binary forms,
   in whole or in parts, but without modifying it other
   than compiling the source code you've received, provided
   a) that you preserve this entire copyright statement.
   b) that, when distributing only binaries, you include
      information as to where sources can be obtained.
   c) that you do not attempt to constrain the receiver
      or any other third party from exercising the rights
      granted in this copyright statement.

4. You may distribute a version of C-Mix that you have
   modified, under terms set forth in clause 3, provided
   additionally
   a) that neither the accompanying documentation nor
      the output of the modified program can reasonably
      be misread to the effect that the modified program
      is the original C-Mix as distributed by the
      University of Copenhagen.
   b) that the accompanying documentation clearly
      acknowledges the modified program's ancestry
      from code developed at the University of Copenhagen.
   c) that you state explicitly whether your modification
      has been communicated to the C-Mix development team
      (e.g. by email to cmix@diku.dk).
   d) that you include information as to where the original
      version can be obtained.
   e) that you share your modifications with the C-Mix
      user community by allowing the University of
      Copenhagen to incorporate your modification or
      parts of it in future releases of C-Mix, and to
      distribute those future releases under any license
      that meets the Open Source<tm> definition, in return
      for giving you proper credit.

5. You may distribute modified or unmodified binary forms
   of the Specialization Library that is part of C-Mix,
   either as a separate file or incorporated in an
   executable, under any terms that you deem fit.

6. If you modify C-Mix so much that it is neither a system
   that performs program specialization, nor an essential
   component of such a system, you may do whatever you like
   to the modified system, including distributing it under
   any terms that you deem fit.
   However, this provision does not allow you or anypone
   else to claim any exclusive rights regarding the parts
   of the modified system that it has in common with C-Mix.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY (capitalize according to taste)
----------------------

Except when otherwise stated in writing the University of
Copenhagen and/or other parties provide C-Mix "as is" without
warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including,
but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability
and fitness for a particular purpose. The entire risk as to
the quality and performance of C-Mix program (including but
not limited to the faithfulness of specialized programs to
the behavior of the original C code) is with you. Should
the program prove defective, you assume the cost of all
necessary servicing, repair or correction.

In no event unless agreed to in writing will the University
of Copenhagen, or any other party who may modify and/or
redistribute C-Mix as permitted above, be liable to anyone
for damages, including any general, special, incidental or
consequential damages arising out of the use or inability
to use the program (including but not limited to loss of
data or data being rendered inaccurate or losses sustained
by you or third parties or a failure of the program to
operate with or on any other programs), even if the
University of Copenhagen or other party has been advised
of the possibility of such damages.

NON-LEGAL REQUIREMENTS
----------------------

The following requests are specifically not part of the
legal provisions for using and distributing C-Mix because
they would prevent the license from meeting the Open
Source<tm> specification.

1. We strongly encourage you to tell us if you use C-Mix,
   and to tell us about your experience with the system.

2. We strongly encourage you to send us patches if you make
   useful modifications to the system. The development team
   can be reaced at cmix@diku.dk.

3. We encourage you to tell us if you distribute C-Mix.

4. Needless to say, we believe it to be common scientific
   moral that computer science studies employing C-Mix
   should not be published without giving due credit to
   its developers, either by citing one of the published
   papers describing C-Mix, or by including a statement
   such as:
      This study made use of the C-Mix partial evaluator
      developed at the University of Copenhagen's
      computer science departement.

5. If you feel that that the legal section of this
   copyright notice constrains you unnecessarily from 
   distributing C-Mix, we urge you to communicate to us
   about the problem. Our top priority is to get C-Mix
   and the idea of partial evaluation spread out as
   widely as possible, but since we are computer
   scientists, not lawyers, we might have overlooked
   some essential angle.
